Handleford Bay you are currently at the Sea and Tackle Inn. Waiting for your next mission from the Artificers councile.

You recive word from the Artificers Councile from your contact Abagail Chernou.  that you are needed to find a the Bloodstone of the Al'Haadid Family a treasure lost when the Al'Hadid Family line ended. It is said to be inside of the tomb of Mumar Al'Hadid and the tomb itself was hidden by a powerful magic. You are to meetup with Motar Al'Sharit in Andol'Chandadar at the Candle and Schimitar Inn. Retreive the bloodstone from the Crypt and return it to the Councile in The Gray Peaks


After 5 days Journey the party enters Andol'Chanadar the Seat of power in the Maumood desert ruled by the Sultan Azadar of the 4 Camels. The Candle and the Schimitar Tavern is where you need to meet Motar. 


As you walk you notice large sand dunes on the left and right and in front of you large sphinx statues loom in the distance. Old and weathered they look as if no one had layed eyes on them in 1 thousand years. As you move closer you notice a ravine between the two statues. Motar Al'Sharit whispers I think we have found it. 

As the party walks through the ravine a cavemouth comes into view and carved in the top of the entryway are the symbols of the Al'Hadid Family.


1.) Entryway scribed with runes and an old lost language. you move through the passageway you see piles of bones spread throught the room door closed ahead 8 skeletons spawn from the bones.

2.) 4 skeletons a bare hallway with a room down the hall the room has a hearth and old stone cookware and pottery.


3.) Old weapons are laid in racks along the wall 8 skeletons and 1 skeleton caster casts magic missle 2 times. Drops main room key.


4/5 Hallway with two painting of Al'Hadid Family memebers sitting in rooms that look similar to this cyrpt. Behind the pictures two leavers that enter into secret rooms no traps 2 +1 weapons one in each room.


6.) First area of tombs 8 tombs 4 on each side of the room covered in dust
There is a room to the left at the back wall and a big hallwaay with more tombs in front of you.

7.) A room with prestial garments tattered and age worn 3 healing potions. Good place to rest here.

8.) Another room filled with Al'Hadid servants says Motar.

9.) Long hallway that juts to the left.

10.) Tomb of Al'hadid guraded by 10 skeletons. Large Sarcophagus covered in dust With a face of a smiling man writ on the top. Kill skellies and get the bloodstone.

11.) Room behind the notch 1 boots of elven kind 3 healing potions.
